versatile-data-kit: update contirbuting.md (#740)
vmware/versatile-data-kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

# How to make a new VDK release

See previous releases: https://github.com/vmware/versatile-data-kit/releases
Release is a certain milestone of VDK where we share with the community the latest changes. 

> We try to have public release every few weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A release is a certain milestone of VDK where we share the latest changes with the community. 
We aim to make a new public release every few weeks.
```

  - vdk-control-cli's version source of truth is located [here](projects/vdk-control-cl/version.txt);
  - control-service's version source of truth is located [here](projects/control-service/projects/helm_charts/pipelines-control-service/version.txt);
- Record the new versions as they are released and list them in the Release description;

> - Make sure you have clicked "Create a discussion for this release" button before publishing the new release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure you have clicked the "Create a discussion for this release" button before publishing the new release
```
